Welcome to the Library Studio here as part
of the Yahowah blog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
This has been an amazing journey that we
have progressed upon through the prophetic
testimony of Yahowah through one of the
most extraordinary men who ever lived,
Qatsyr.
He is known as Isaiah.
We have verification of this prophecy that
goes back now,
two thousand three hundred years to the
third and early fourth century BCE because
of the great Isaiah scroll and the other
texts of this prophet found in the caves
above Qumran.
In it,
when we turn to the fifty-sixth and
fifty-seventh chapter,
we find testimony that is unlike any
other.
It is profoundly important for our day.
I originally turned to this section of
Yashayah because I knew that after we
reconsidered,
what God had to say through Yashayah in
the seventeenth chapter of Isaiah
regarding the timing of the Shabuwah and
Taruwah harvest as well as the sacrifice of
the Adamah Parah on Taruwah and how
this was going to play out as the
world was devolving into chaos and
as we enter the time of Israel's troubles,
particularly as the United States forces
an Islamic State on Israel.
We went here to confirm that all of
this was going to happen in a way
that we had been interpreting the words,
which is that the two harvests will
actually cause people to disappear,
their souls to be removed,
their bodies to
vanish such that the world doesn't know
where they have gone but yet Yahowah has
welcomed them into his company and it is
in the opening two lines of Yasha'Yah that
we find this to be true but leading
up to it we find god telling us
of a remarkable individual for the last
days that he would use to herald this
message to his people
He is called tsadaqah,
which means he's right.
He is announced as the nakar,
which means he's an observant foreigner.
And he presents God's testimony as never
before.
But as we move forward,
and as he is part of this Shabuwah,
Qatsyr, or harvest,
which is the next fulfillment of a Mowedym
in Yahowah's schedule,
We find that he is opposed.
There is, by God's own parlance,
a demonic woman, a despicable whore,
using his terms, who opposes him.
And God will make...
Ten verses which comprise some twenty
statements specifically about her and her
ilk.
Devastating.
It's overwhelmingly the most aggressive
and specific attack from God on any person
or group of individuals throughout the
entirety of the prophets.
And it's specific to this woman at this
time and those who have allied with her
to denounce the message of Yada Yada and
of Yada himself,
even changing God's name in the process.
And my first concern is we found this
is that why would God give this much
prophetic ink to such an insignificant
imbecile?
That's what they are.
They're insignificant.
It's a group of eight to twelve people.
meaningless, dunderheads at best.
And each time they make a claim,
we're able to demonstrate their wrong
instantly, without effort.
The very passages they pick to make their
point destroy them.
It's kind of like Paul and his letters,
two thousand years ago.
And so we are, Rich,
we have a Wookie that would really like
to get in, if you wouldn't mind.
Wookie went out for a stroll,
but he likes to be part of these
podcasts, so we'll accommodate him.
And so my question has been,
since I have been doing this,
why would God be so vitriolic towards this
otherwise insignificant cast of
characters?
And we're gonna get to that answer.
Because this is not a common rebuke.
God names names.
And he condemns this cast to hell.
Now, before we re-engage,
and we're going to go through a review
in our process of re-engaging,
so you'll all be caught up.
I do want to mention this.
what has happened these last few days,
because clearly Donald Trump is proving
with every word and deed that I have
correctly interpreted the prophets and
recognize that he is demon-possessed and
that he is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan.
He is the one the prophets spoke.
He's the one that Christians know as the
Antichrist.
He said,
continuing to steal as a pirate.
Oil tankers,
the last one off the coast of Iceland
that was crude and belonged to Russia.
The one prior to that belonged to China.
He invaded a country.
He abducted its leader
And he abducted him on the charge that
he was the head of a narcotics cartel,
only to rescind those charges during the
indictment phase before the judge.
You know why they rescinded those charges?
Not only can't they prove them because
they're not true,
Maduro was not the head of a drug
cartel.
But you know who was the head of
that drug cartel who founded it and was
running it?
The American CIA.
And so disclosing information pursuant to
that would be rather embarrassing for the
Trump administration, for the nation.
So they dropped those charges,
which means they had no grounds to abduct
him.
And of course,
now Trump is bulletproof and says,
we took over the country.
So what?
We're going to take its oil.
We're going to run it.
So what?
What's next?
Greenland?
Cuba?
Panama?
Or Iran?
Or all of the above?
What's next?
And how many magas are out there going
to be cheering him on as he begins
World War III?
I mean,
when you're playing chicken with the
Chinese,
you're putting your nation in a position
where it's economic suicide.
If they don't respond aggressively,
they will continue to work behind the
scenes and have total compliance on
undermining the dollar with their
alternative.
And if they do respond,
they would crater your economy
instantaneously.
Is it going to be a instant death
or slow death for America vis-a-vis the
Chinese?
And with the Russians,
it's the certainty of a nuclear exchange.
Trump seems convinced that he can continue
to push Putin's buttons and that Putin
won't respond, cowering.
And if he does,
he'll just continue to take more and more.
But will Putin respond?
If he doesn't,
then Trump will continue to be
belligerent.
And his next target after Cuba and
Greenland will be Iran.
If he takes a wrong after taking
Venezuela, he assures.
That China and Russia will have no choice
but to strike back China economically,
Russia militarily.
It's exactly as the prophets foretold.
Trump is the instigator.
The world's is on the cusp of
annihilation.
And then, of course,
we have what happened in Minnesota.
Miss Good, murdered by an ICE agent.
I've seen the film and the camera angles
from every which way.
It was murder.
Elon Musk on X had two posts last
night showing that he has lost any vestige
of a conscience,
blaming the murder on the woman.
Trump posted a similar response,
blaming the woman's death on her,
lying about the ICE agent.
ICE has become the new Gestapo.
Their racial hatred is directed towards
Hispanics rather than Jews,
but they are the Gestapo.
Trump's troops and National Guard in
American cities are Trump's version of the
SS.
Stephen Miller is his Goebbels.
He is establishing the Fourth Reich.
Watching that belligerence murder of Miss
Goode was troublesome.
But then hearing the Magus denounce her
and try to venerate the murderers,
it's tragic.
Two of them, even after her murder,
were high-fiveing each other,
congratulating one another for the horror
they perpetrated.
One ICE agent is even depicted telling a
physician who wants to take her pulse and
see if he can resuscitate her,
can treat her, that no,
he can't have access to her.
And they just let her continue to bleed
to death.
It is a travesty.
And I'm reminded,
during all of this,
that there is one nation that doesn't not
yet know that Trump is demonic,
that he is the great deceiver,
the great betrayer,
that he is the ultimate egomaniac and
warmonger, a horrible sexual pervert,
that he is exactly as the prophets had
foretold.
And that one nation is the nation
that should know most of all because the
prophecies were written in their language,
delivered by their people,
and that's Israel.
They're presenting Donald Trump as the
second coming of Cyrus.
They venerate him in Israel,
and yet he is the very one who
will betray them.
He's still on record saying,
don't worry about the West Bank.
Israel's never gonna take the West Bank.
Why?
Because he's going to use Judea and
Samaria
to create a Islamic state that he can
give to MBS of Saudi Arabia as a
way of prolonging the petrodollar another
year or two.
With Brokaw, the trade,
the very heart of Israel to prolong the
petrodollar, which is by the way,
the reason that the US
perpetrated its invasion of Venezuela.
And by the way,
I would like you to know that the
celebratory Venezuelans that you've seen
on social media,
they were celebrating soccer matches three
and four years ago.
Such is not the case.
The US is despised in Venezuela.
All right,
so that you know the timing that we're
operating under and how rapidly the world
is devolving,
how accurate the prophets have been,
I would like to review the words of
Yahowah as He revealed them in Yashayah,
verse,
as we then begin into the fifty-seventh
chapter before we press on.
So I want us to remain grounded.
I want you to know the context because
it's the context here that makes the
choice of victims of this accusation by
Yahowah the most intense, condemning,
rebuke to be found anywhere in Yahowah's
testimony,
specific to one group of
of malcontents and naysayers.
So it's essential that you know exactly
what God has to say about them because
there are those in our midst that are
her little spies watching everything we
do,
passing it on so they can attack it
as they continue to draw an audience by
hash-tagging my name in the Yada Yahowah
series.
even Yahowah's name,
even though they have corrupted it.
So God's rebuke is focused, it's personal.
And it's important that we remain
cognizant of the crime,
which led to Yahowah's evisceration of a
woman's character and the man who enabled
her rise.
For this is what Yahowah says,
You should choose to be observant,
carefully considering and closely
examining the means to exercise good
judgment and to resolve disputes making
good decisions.
Then choose to engage so that you act
upon that which is correct and
vindicating.
because my deliverance and resulting
salvation are approaching, they are close,
they're eminent and personal.
Therefore, the tsadaqah,
the one who is correct about me and
vindicates with me will come.
He will pursue the harvest, be included,
and then return and remain.
So as to be revealed,
and made known,
blessed by the benefits of the
relationship,
joyous and productive by showing the
proper way, is this person,
this mortal man who acts upon and engages
in this with unfolding implications over
time.
because this son of Adam, this lone man,
he will be exceptionally firm,
resolute in this,
empowered and strengthened so that he
prevails,
restoring through his conviction and
resolve with regard to this.
By closely examining and carefully
considering the Shabbat,
as the promise of seven,
thereby avoiding defiling and profaning it
or making it common, he is observant,
he is careful, he is attentive,
and he is especially aware.
So his hands and that which he influences
are kept from acting upon or engaging in
anything unjust,
immoral, irrational, troubling,
or distressing.
Do not say regarding ha Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
the one who knows and understands through
thoughtful examination,
then acknowledges by having been
discerning and respectful.
who has formed an inseparable relationship
and joined with Yahowah.
Something which would infer Yahowah will
surely abandon me,
preventing me from being included as part
of his family.
That's what they would want you to
believe.
It isn't so.
And let not the Sarys,
this esteemed and authorized official
designee, say,
but then if I become a withered and
unproductive etz tree,
an incapacitated counselor or paralyzed
messenger.
Isaiah fifty six three.
I want to share something with you now
that I did not share previously.
I have received upwards of ten thousand
death threats from Muslims since initially
writing Tea with Terrorists,
then Prophet of Doom,
now Goddamn Religion,
and having done ten thousand radio shows
in my name,
proclaiming what I had learned,
denouncing Allah, Islam, Muhammad,
and the Quran.
I never flinched.
I have written many, many years ago,
I think somewhat around,
we're around fifteen years ago,
a book called Questioning Paul,
initially with the Great Galatians debate,
then Questioning Paul.
Now it's called Twistianity.
It's also five volumes in length,
repudiating Christianity,
proving that Jesus never existed.
Demonstrating that Paul lied and that he
was demon possessed.
And for it,
I am assailed and demeaned every day
across the internet.
Hasn't bothered me at all.
You've never heard me complain once about
either of these things.
It was different for me.
When people that I had cared about,
supported, taught, led, worked with,
turned, and not only left,
but were vitriolic in the process.
Doing more to demean and disparage my name
and reputation than anyone.
who had ever been a Muslim or Christian
or conspiratorialist that I had exposed
and condemned previously,
they've also had a field day with me.
It didn't bother me.
But these were people I cared about.
These were people I tried to help.
These were people I trusted.
And they proved grossly untrustworthy.
They demonstrated
that they had an immense amount of envy
and that they were unworthy of this
calling.
But to have a group of insiders become
so vicious, that hurt.
One of these women was one of my
wife's closest friends.
She was my publisher.
Well, she was a media manager for me.
Somebody I took under my wing,
did more kindness for,
did more in support of her than anyone
in her life by her own admission.
Another woman was my publisher who I
thought was rock solid.
And then one of her best friends.
And the rest,
particularly the men involved with one
exception is one guy that I thought was
pretty solid, a webmaster.
but he turned out to be the most
disgusting of all, most lost of all,
the biggest enabler of all.
And when they initially did this,
it was hurtful.
You know,
it's one thing for somebody that you don't
know who has read something that you have
written and doesn't understand it to say,
I won't kill you.
I had thousands of those.
It's another thing entirely.
When people you were close to,
that you talked to on a daily basis,
turned nasty.
And the very books and person that they
had worked tirelessly to support,
based upon one psychotic woman's mental
breakdown,
decided that they would have giggles by
hash-tagging my name and the books that I
had spent twenty-four years writing to
draw an audience in,
to disparage the translations and
presentations of thousands of unheralded
insights regarding Yahowah,
the reintroduction of His name,
the realization that His beloved Son
served as our Savior, and to disparage me.
Personally,
writing all manner of hateful things and
doing the same to my wife.
That's a lot more painful.
And it's debilitating.
I recall when we saw them come up
with their site that is specifically
devoted to drawing an audience by
hash-tagging my name and yada Yahowah.
There was one moment where I went to
Yahowah and said,
I didn't bargain for this.
This pushes the threshold.
It's personal.
You promised to protect my family,
and this is vicious.
I don't deserve this.
What are you gonna do about it?
Yeah, I was frustrated.
It's closest to a Moshe moment I have
ever had and may ever have,
and I'm telling you now,
bringing you into my confidence in this.
I was frustrated.
Because when you get down to it,
ultimately, two things are true.
One is that the medium that I must
use to prevail in this mission is
integrity and confidence.
Your immediate recognition that I not only
know what I'm talking about,
but that I'm transparent.
You can trust what I'm saying.
And of course,
they were trying to steal that.
But the second part is that this is
a job that cannot be done alone.
I'm sitting here in front of the camera
with all of the lights on and looking
you in the eye,
but it's Rich over here that is running
the show.
We can't do it without him.
It's Leah that creates all the branding.
It's the likes of Steven and Kevin and
others that manage and who manage
all of the social media accounts where
this information is distributed.
I have a beloved fact checker and editors.
My best friend over the years,
who is our webmaster,
reestablishing our site and our publishing
situation with Amazon.
I cannot
do this alone,
even with the infusion of Yahowah's seven
spirits requires help.
And there's something about having people
that you had trusted for a decade that
you were close to turn evil.
So evil that Yahowah says,
I'm sending them to Sheowl that they're
demonic.
That
causes one to say,
how do I know I can trust anybody?
The people who were pretended to be this
devoted can go this bad, that fast,
and can be so easily fooled by a
psychopath,
even when everything she says is so easily
proven to be untrue.
God, who's next?
So it was a very vulnerable kind of
a position because you're wondering,
are there others out there that are just
pretending?
Who can you actually trust?
Then I realized that's Yahowah's point.
It's the key to the issue.
That's why all this exists.
It's why he took us back to the
garden.
It's why I came to understand that the
whole issue with Adam and the reason that
it was Yahowah who caused the fall of
man is because he couldn't trust Adam.
And it's the reason why God's allowing us
back into the garden and cultivating eight
people.
that are gonna oversee the education of
this mortal remnant of Yisrael that are
gonna be allowed back into the garden on
Sukah in twenty thirty-three.
Purged of the religious guilt so we get
a fresh start on Taruwah under Dowd's
ultimate guidance as he returns on
Kipurym.
The reason that we're being allowed back
into the garden
is to get it right,
to demonstrate to Yahowah that it is
possible for a person to be trusted,
to earn God's trust.
That group didn't.
Sure.
Most of the blame lies at the fault
of the feet of the psychopath that God
calls a sorceress and a whore.
But those who followed her, support her,
ought to have known better and they
didn't.
They gobbled down her toxic fruit and
continued to eat it and spew it,
proved untrustworthy.
And so this is God's moment where he's
saying, I'm serious about this.
I don't want anyone to come back into
that garden or to spend a moment with
me in Shamaym in heaven who can't be
trusted.
Simple.
I knew them better than you did,
is what God said.
I knew they couldn't be trusted.
I gave them the opportunity to hang
themselves and they did.
And now with this revelation,
I'm explaining it all to you so that
you know I'm really serious about this.
God's not looking for a multitude of
people.
He's looking for quality individuals who
are willing to listen, who are observant,
who will engage based upon what they have
seen and heard.
and can be trusted.
He's not looking for perfect people.
They'd be boring.
He's looking for people if they make a
mistake, they'll correct it and move on.
He's looking for people if they fall,
will get up and get going.
Those are the kind of individuals I was
looking for.
These people did not pass that test.
God is saying,
I want nothing to do with them.
Even if you are this sweet old lady
that appeared to be so supportive,
but you were sucked in by a lie
this thin, this obviously untrue,
I'm sorry, you didn't pass the test.
And this time,
because God is so upset by the idea
that somebody who is given access to the
truth
Right there,
as God is working through somebody in a
powerful way,
and then they would not only renege on
it, but would challenge them saying, oh,
but we too speak for God,
and then would demean his wife,
and then would try to speak over him
while demeaning his name.
God has told us what he did in
that case, because that is Miriam,
Moshe's sister.
God said,
it's like your father spit in your face.
You are stricken now with leprosy.
You are estranged from this community.
And ultimately God used her as the example
of divorce and the single worst episode,
an episode that was finally resolved by
Yahowah saying,
I want you to speak to the crag
and it will give forth its cleansing and
nurturing waters.
It was there.
where Miriam was buried at the waters of
Meribah became the most obnoxious incident
during the entirety of the Exodus.
So God is being quite clear.
This was a travesty because, well,
with Miriam,
she led the woman's chorus during the Song
of the Sea.
She was an insider.
She knew Yahowah.
She had the benefit of listening to Moshe
as he delivered the Towrah.
She could have made a contribution and one
time she did, but then she turned.
And when she turned,
having been an insider,
having been somebody who knew better,
God was forceful.
The entire twelfth chapter of Numbers is
devoted in its entirety to denouncing and
rebuking her for what she did.
And this now is why we read the
fifty-seventh chapter of Isaiah.
It is the same.
a Miriam by a different name.
And so that is the answer,
should you wonder why God would go out
of his way to devote so much testimony,
not only to lift up and protect the
man he has chosen to deliver this message
at this time,
but to denounce those who would attack
him.
So let not the Sarys,
the esteemed and authorized official
designee say, what then?
If I become a withered and unproductive
tree,
an incapacitated counselor and paralyzed
messenger,
what if I allow that brief Moshe moment
where I am frustrated at God allowing this
group of malcontents to rise up and be
so irritating,
I said, God, I don't need this.
Why are we doing this?
Why are you even tolerating this?
I am, according to Yahowah,
the Ets Da'ath in Gan Eden.
I am, according to Yahowah, Parah.
I am, according to you, the Choter,
which is a branch, who has cherish roots,
who is an observant stem, who is parah,
productive,
who in the eleventh chapter we also learn
in Isaiah that he is given the spirit
of etzah, this very tree,
providing counsel on the complete picture
of Da'ath.
And so that's what Yahowah was referring to
here.
This tree providing the fruit of his
people's redemption can't be
incapacitated, can't be paralyzed,
it can't be withered.
It must produce its fruit or all is
lost.
This is God's last best effort to save
his people.
And God is saying to the man that
he has assigned this responsibility, you,
sir, cannot say, think,
or even ponder the possibility of being
made unproductive.
I won't allow it.
It is also why Chazaq is used three
times in this testimony.
God says, be tough as nails.
Be firm, be resolute.
Don't let them get to you.
Now,
I had figured that out a month or
so ago, maybe two or three,
four months ago.
even as their attacks became more and more
unhinged in person.
But I did not expect this from Yahowah.
So here we return.
Then God says, to the contrary,
this is what Yahowah says on behalf of
the Sarys,
the esteemed and authorized official
designee, his nakar,
the one who is tsadaqah,
who have been,
and he's speaking here plural,
so he's talking about the team that he
has assigned to him,
have been subject to castration.
What is the purpose of castration?
Castration is part of the meaning of
Sarys.
First of all, what animal is castrated?
A bull.
That's the role that Yahowah has asked me
to play.
Why is the bull castrated?
To make him unproductive.
And let not the, or excuse me,
to the contrary,
this is what Yahowah says on behalf of
the ,
sustained and authorized official
designees who have been subject to
castration as a result of the positions
they have taken as leaders.
they provide guidance regarding the
benefits of the relationship by being
consistently observant and actually
attentive while exploring and
investigating my seven shabbat promises
which you need to know if you're going
to participate in what god has going
forward
The single most important day in human
history was when Dowd fulfilled Matsah,
removing our guilt.
It occurred on a Shabbat.
The next most important day will be the
Taruwah harvest, the Shabuwah harvest,
which is the harvest of seven Shabbat.
That's what Shabuwah means.
And so we have to be observant and
actually attentive,
exploring everything that can be known
about Shabuwah,
about the harvest of seven sevens.
It of course will occur on a Shabbat.
The final gleaning on Taruwah and the work
of the Adamah Parah when the bull becomes
productive
Transpires on the twenty third and twenty
fourth of September and twenty thirty
three, and that happens to be a. Shabbat.
Mortal remnant of Israel is allowed back
into the garden on Shabuwah,
October seventh and twenty thirty three.
It is also.
A Shabbat.
Are you getting the message?
So.
They have chosen preferring at this time.
My will.
And my appreciation.
By revealing the correct path to the
benefits of the relationship.
If you're part of team, yeah.
And God wants you to know.
That from his perspective.
You've chosen to be here.
You've chosen to.
to benefit from pleasing Him and for being
in the center of His will.
And you are doing so by revealing the
correct path to the benefits of the
relationship that are delivered on those
Shabbats, Matsah, Shabuwah, Taruwah,
and Sukah.
Therefore, they are positioned
to be Chazaq.
It is what we must be to deal
with the attacks.
God has never been popular.
Everyone who has ever spoken for God has
been condemned.
The vitriol against Yahowah's voice,
his message is shrill, it's vicious.
And the only way you can endure it
is to be Chazaq.
Chazaq.
I see it emblazoned on the screen.
It means overpowering, intense,
uncompromising, firm, unrelenting,
effective.
Chazaq.
And what are we to be uncompromising and
firm, resilient,
even fiercely protective of?
My covenant, my family.
Defend my family.
And to defend my family,
you must not allow anyone who does not
belong in my home.
And those who do belong in my home,
you should follow my example and defend
them with your last breath.
God is defending his Nakar.
He is defending his beloved son who is
the exemplar of this covenant to dote.
He is defending his family against the
naysayers who covet it for themselves,
who claim to be covenant but are not,
who claim the Shabuwah harvest but will be
left behind,
who claim heaven and have earned a ticket
to hell.
That's God's response.
That's how he becomes fiercely protective
of his covenant.
Do you have what it takes to be
fiercely protective of Yahowah's covenant
family?
Chazaq is not a timid word.
There is no modesty in this concept.
It is the antithesis of meek.
It's tough as nails.
totally uncompromising, standing up,
back bowed, chin out, fists up.
Chazak is tough, fierce,
totally and completely uncompromising,
rigid, forceful, intense.
bold,
courageous Chazaq regarding Yahowah's
covenant family.
Then I will offer freely giving at that
time to those in my home and as
part of my family and within my protected
enclosure
A hand, an outstretched one, welcoming,
supportive, and empowering.
And a name, even better,
more beneficial and valuable than other
sons and daughters.
The group that prevails to the end,
that remains steadfast, committed,
courageous, bold, empowered, enabled,
that group,
will not only enter the protective
enclosure of our return to Eden on Sukah
as the enablers of the mortal remnant of
Yisrael,
so that they come to understand what they
must do to earn Yahowah's trust,
that God is going to empower every one
of you.
He is welcoming you into his home.
You are the most important enablers of his
desire.
You will receive a name from Yahowah,
more beneficial and valuable than any
other.
As my friend Kevin said the other day,
he liked the name .
official designee,
someone they tried to make unproductive.
It's a good name indeed.
I'd rather like the one that Yahowah first
gave me long time ago, Yada.
Each of us can have our own,
or we can just allow Yahowah to give
one to us.
And I will give to him.
An everlasting and eternal,
personal and proper name.
A designation and reputation which for
having shared the benefits of the
relationship will never be removed or
taken away.
To the team, a marvelous name.
God's support.
Entry into Eden on Sukah.
Yahowah's endorsement.
And to the one leading the family at
this time, protecting the family,
his Nakar,
also an everlasting and eternal name,
which is associated with having shared the
benefits of the relationship, Asher,
which will never be removed or taken away.
Asher, by the way,
happens to be a very fine name.
It's one of the names of the twelve
tribes of Yisrael,
and it is a name that means to
welcome, to meet, to be invited,
to summon, to read, and to recite.
It's a very good name.
The children of the Nakar,
that's another good name.
Although, while he will remain observant,
He is only a foreigner for a short
while.
So the children of ha Nakar,
so he's speaking of this team that is
invited into the protective enclosure of
Eden during Sukah, who are the Sarys,
the designated and official agents of
God's purpose.
who formed a personal relationship with
God,
who seek his will and to please him.
No matter how old you may be or
young, he is saying that you're my kids.
This is said in a number of places.
Don't worry,
I may not be the world's greatest dad,
but that's not the point here.
The point is that my first order of
business,
since Yahowah has called you my children,
is that I'm going to give them to
Dowd and say, they're yours.
I will remain at your side and I
will serve you and them in every way
you ask.
But these are yours.
The children.
of ha Nakar,
the observant and discerning foreigner,
have formed a relationship with,
and they adhere closely to, Yahowah.
Not Yah-wah.
Not the mother god.
To Yahowah.
And they serve, attend to, and assist him.
Not her.
They're loving, and they're adoring,
and they appreciate everything that is
associated with Yahowah's name.
They aren't going to change it to create
a girly god, a hermaphrodite.
Continually and demonstrably,
existing as his coworkers,
And here,
I don't care if you want to make
his capital H or lowercase h,
and you are serving Yahowah,
or you're working with me,
because the result is identical.
And I think Yahowah sees it that way.
Always observing and noticeably examining
while considering the Shabbat promise of
seven.
Let's never lose track of Shabuwah,
shall we?
Or the Shabuwah celebration of Sukah.
Or that every important date save one
between now and our return to the garden
will be on a Shabbat.
Shabuwah, Taruwah, and Sukah.
with the only one in between being
Kipurym because we will have already done
all of the work necessary on the previous
Shabbat.
Always observing and noticeably examining
while considering the Shabbat,
the promise of seven,
making it special by avoiding
disrespecting it,
like stealing it and claiming that the
Shabuwah harvest is your own.
We're guides to it and participants in it.
And God says that those of you who
are collaborating in this way,
you are now for the third time,
and God's going to say this word,
which is the antithesis of what God,
The mother goddess cult insists they want
to promote meekness and modesty and
timidity.
And God says no.
The characteristic that defines those who
are in association with him,
who defend his covenant family,
who defend his name,
who work with him right to the end
in support of Shabuwah.
They are all Chazaq,
uncompromising and strengthened,
devoted and unrelenting.
They're established, they're firm,
they're resolute and unrelenting.
Yes, indeed.
In what?
Once again, in my covenant.
God's not looking to remake the world.
That's his job.
He doesn't need us to incinerate all of
the religious and the conspiratorial and
the political and the militant.
That's his job.
He does not need us to restore the
earth to the conditions of Eden.
He'll take care of that quite nicely
himself.
He doesn't need us to facilitate the
mechanism of removing our souls on
Shabuwah.
He does not need us to transform the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah into a
purging mechanism for his wayward family
on Taruwah.
He does not need us to conceive or
to operate any of those four chariots that
are going to pick up
the population from the world that is
either being headed and taken directly to
Sheowl,
taken to the area around the Temple Mount
to benefit from the sacrifice of the Adam
of Parah as Yahuwdym or as Gowym.
He does not need our help in doing
those things.
He's got them under control.
He does not need our help in releasing
waters from underneath the Temple Mount or
igniting the flames or causing that
benefit.
He is not asking us to turn the
mercy seat of the Ark of the Covenant
into something as brilliant as the sun.
He is not looking for us to take
responsibility for assuring that Dowd
returns as Elyown.
Our responsibility is to be observant,
to pay attention to what God said,
to be trustworthy regarding what he has
conveyed to us.
and for us to be exceedingly protective of
his covenant family.
That's what he needs from us.
I will bring them at this time to
my set apart mountain.
Yes, he will.
We're talking about Taruwah now, aren't we?
I will cause them to rejoice such that
they are elated in my family and in
my home.
to be distinct,
separated and set apart of those engaged
in intervention and intercession who are
judgmental and decisive such that they can
assist with the people's evaluation.
Their uplifting and elevating offering and
their sacrifice,
which is slaughtered for them
will be acceptable and approved,
especially satisfying on my sacrificial
altar.
There's only one of us who is sacrificing
his Basar body.
It would be myself, as the Alma Parole.
But every one of you who works with
me in this regard,
who is going to be there at this
time, well,
you're offering something that is
exceedingly valuable, your devotion.
To Yahowah.
To his beloved son.
To the restoration of his people.
God wants you to know.
That he is accepting.
And approves.
And is highly satisfied with.
What you're offering.
I did learn something.
Yesterday.
When translating.
Yashayah fifty seven fifteen.
That.
was transformational in understanding what
Dowd endured on Pesach and Matsah,
and what I will endure on Taruwah as
my body is sacrificed,
the last kill of Donald Trump.
A wonderful,
lovely woman whose mother was taken
yesterday.
It wasn't his first,
and it won't be his last,
but I will be.
And the lesson that I learned is one
that I had begun to appreciate some time
ago.
And that is that Yahowah's Ruwach never left
Dowd according to God's word,
which means the Ruwach was with Dowd's
nephesh soul.
as he was bludgeoned on Pesach and then
crucified.
And the Ruwach of Yahowah was with Dowd
as he was dispatched to Sheowl.
That means that the Ruwach of Yahowah isn't
Yahowah, isn't God,
but is something that God can use and
dispatch in our world to protect,
to enlighten, to enable.
those through whom he wishes to accomplish
something important.
But what this means is that Nod's nephesh
was shielded from the abuse, the terror,
the torment,
torture of fulfilling Pesach as the lamb.
and protected from the great pressure and
the hellish separation on Matsah.
It was the spirit that took the blows.
I don't think Dowd knew that was going
to occur before he endured it.
He may have.
But the very fact he trusted Yahowah,
knowing what was going to happen with both
is extraordinary.
And what we had was a spectacle for
the whole world to see,
a heroic act for the whole world to
appreciate.
Well,
God as a loving father did not allow
his beloved son to suffer.
In the.
Fifteenth verse of the fifty seventh
chapter of Yashayah says the same thing.
This time of the Adam of Purah.
So particularly for my wife,
who has been troubled at the idea that.
ha-Satan will be bludgeoning me.
It's just my body.
Understand that God will insulate.
My Nepesh soul.
such that according to him,
it's the Ruwach that absorbs the blows.
This is because my home and family,
God says, will be invited and summoned,
read and recited and called out and
proclaimed.
A home and family of reasoned requests and
of sound judgment.
for those who are set apart,
distinct and uncommon,
and of intervention and intercession,
even of assessment and evaluation,
Tephillah.
It is a word that we analyzed from,
if it's phila or philel,
as the basis of it,
whether it means intercession and
intervention,
or if it speaks of being set apart,
distinct, uncommon.
Either way is fine.
I think that the primary definition,
which is based on the Pei, Lamed,
Hei letters, all of them matching,
is that
It would read like this.
This is because my home and family will
be invited and summoned, read and recited,
called out and proclaimed a home and
family that is set apart,
uncommon and unique.
For the entire family and for all people.
This
is important to me for a number of
reasons.
While Yahowah chose Yisrael,
Yisrael did not choose Yahowah.
The reason that God chose to convey this
message through a Nakar,
an observant foreigner,
is there were no Yahuwdym willing to
listen, respond.
And by saying it this way and concluding
God's story as he began it,
it says everybody in the beginning of
God's story is a Gowym.
Adam, Chawah, Noach, his family,
all Gowym.
Abraham, Sarah, Gowym.
Yitschaq, Ya'aqob, they're Gowym too.
Everybody initially is a Gowym.
And that's how God's finishing the story
with his recalcitrant and embittered
people in between.
And ultimately,
there will be two spiritual chariots that
bring people back to Jerusalem.
And while they have different roles,
at least initially, one is the workers,
the other, well, they're both work.
It's just different kinds of work.
If you're not working,
you're not going to remain in Eden.
It's a prerequisite.
But of course,
and of Gowym.
And there's so many people who are Gowym
who accepted Yahowah's invitation to be
part of his family and have remained part
of his family along with the Israelites
and Yahuwdym.
And so as we know and we hear
the Yahowah plans to have two groups of
people brought into Jerusalem and that a
group is brought in based upon their
attitudes and aptitudes who are Gowym,
who are not overtly religious or
political,
and they will benefit from the sacrifice
of the Adamah Parah,
although they will enter the millennial
Shabbat as workers.
That's not a sentence.
That's not a condemnation.
That is an opportunity.
And the covenant will be available to all
people.
All of them will have that opportunity
over the thousand years to earn that
right.
Yahowah,
my upright one and foundation who gathers
and assembles yet again the scattered of
Yisrael,
those who engage and endure with God.
This is what God is doing on Taruwah.
He is gathering his scatter,
just as he said,
from the four corners of the earth in
these four chariots.
Although one stays in Jerusalem and just
gathers those around the Temple Mount with
ElYah and with Yada,
and one escorts the religious Jews dressed
in black in a black chariot to Sheowl,
a black hole,
Consistent theme there, don't you think?
And the white one brings them to be
purged and this non-overtly religious and
political Jews to be purged by the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
the dappled chariot is for the Gowym.
So God's going to gather and assemble yet
again, the scattered of Yisrael,
those who engage and endure with God.
And he's announcing this in advance of its
occurring.
And he says, I will obtain,
bring together and assemble before him,
masculine singular,
those collected and obtained by him,
masculine singular.
Now you might say,
why would God give a man credit for
what is obviously a miraculous act?
It is,
but God bringing his people from around
the world on Taruwah into Jerusalem to
position them around the Temple Mount to
benefit from the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah is all God's doing.
I mean, the Adamah Parah's role,
the Nakar's role at this moment is to
die.
sacrificing his body.
Any idiot can die, right?
So why would you give the idiot who's
dying?
I'm using that term facetiously because
God doesn't think I'm an idiot.
And it's only my body that succumbs,
not my soul.
And God's spirit is protecting my nephesh
during the process.
But why would he give credit to the
guy playing the part of the bull?
because it's his nature and because it
didn't happen by accident.
God made a decision,
three thousand four hundred and fifty
years ago,
that he was going to pick people through
whom he would speak.
And so those who are gathered will be
collected and obtained by the words he has
shared.
By that time,
he will have had thirty-two years invested
with another eight years of hard work to
go at the beginning of the return to
Eden during Sukah for forty,
so it will match Moshe and Dowd before
him.
But it's his words who have,
which has resonated finally and
collected and obtained these people.
They wouldn't be there without those
words.
And so God is sharing credit.
It's his nature.
If he chooses someone and enables them and
then wishes to share credit for what he
is achieving through him,
then that is his prerogative.
And it's not just that is God's right
to do so.
It's his nature to do so.
It tells you an enormous amount about him.
Doesn't it?
That he will share credit with a lowly
man, an Enosh, a mere mortal.
It says,
every beast and animal of the country and
open environs,
you will choose to come to devour and
destroy every living being in the thicket
and the foliage of the tree.
Yeah, it's gonna get rough out there.
This is Isaiah, five, fifty-six, nine.
those in the foliage of the tree you
are members of the covenant family who
have earned that right by having devoured
the fruit of the tree of knowledge looks
like these and there will be animals of
all types
mostly religious, but also political,
conspiratorial, anti-Semites,
who will have come largely for the last
jihad.
But today,
Magas are as vicious as Marxists and they
are almost as vicious as Muslims.
The world will turn against,
not only against Israel,
but against
those representing the animals.
So every beast and every animal,
the open environments will come.
They're gonna try to devour and destroy
everything in the thicket of the foliage
of the tree.
Fifty-six nine.
Those who are watchmen,
who are assigned to be lookouts, well,
they're gonna be blind to all of this.
All of them are ignorant and opposed to
Yada.
Uh-oh, God plays favorites.
You don't score points with God by
opposing those he has chosen.
They're all doing so without
understanding, without revelation.
They're completely unaware.
They're unable to teach and are therefore
clueless.
They are universally contemptible,
rife with emotion, akin to dumb dogs,
incapable of intelligent speech,
They are without the capacity to
understand or the ability to prevail,
and they will not succeed as they are
utterly incompetent, unable even to mark,
panting while dreaming and thus
hallucinating,
lying around smitten with their inactivity
and lack of awareness.
God is openly condemning all of those who
have sought to oppose Yada as ha Nakar and
those who are his children,
who are part of this covenant family and
who are now there protecting this mortal
remnant of Yisrael.
And God is not impressed with them.
And he is on record saying,
bark as you will,
try to bite as you will,
try to devour those in the tree of
knowledge.
If that's your last hurrah,
it will be for naught.
You are dumb as stones.
And so those overly emotional whores and
malcontents have an intensely fierce soul.
They're stubborn, they're self-willed.
They will never acknowledge that they have
gone too far.
Never admitting that they are gluttonous
and unrestrained as they are insatiable,
never being satisfied.
And that's the answer to this mother
goddess click.
is that they will press on.
And why will they press on?
Because God needs the filter.
He needs one final sieve of those who
have sniffed the fruit.
Now who have to be denied because they
are not trustworthy.
And so right to the very end,
there is to be this final filter.
So it goes beyond the filter of religion
being excluded,
the filter of overt politics causing
estrangement,
the filter of conspiratorial anti-Semitism
that is so rife in today's world that
precludes access.
There will be this final filter and that
Jan was going to excoriate them in a
moment.
No one who is untrustworthy is going to
be allowed into Yah's presence.
Those acting as shepherds clamoring for
authorization, oh,
to lead and to feed the flock,
they're not Yada because they are
ignorant and irrational,
devoid of understanding,
neither perceiving nor comprehending and
thus lacking the capacity
to make intelligent connections.
All of them,
now they've turned to their own way.
Every person after their own ill gotten
gain and dishonest advantage,
acting like thieves.
Without exemption or restraint and at the
very end to their demise.
put at the very basis of Judaism and
Christianity, of men acting like thieves,
stealing God's beloved's Dowds,
his titles, and his achievements.
Dishonestly acting like thieves by
coveting and claiming God's authorization
for themselves while denouncing his
testimony, even changing his name.
They're the ones asking,
acting like shepherds.
They're the ones pretending to be
authorized to lead the flock.
But God's saying they're not yada.
They're ignorant.
They're irrational.
They lack the capacity to make intelligent
connections.
All of them have turned to their own
way.
every person after their own ill-gotten
gain and dishonest advantage,
acting like thieves without exception or
restraint and to the very end and to
the demise,
you should agree therefore to come,
consenting to assemble together to change
these things around.
I have decided to obtain and accept
They are saying now intoxication with the
confusion and sobriety that wine causes.
So this is their modus operandi.
They are saying,
inviting others into their company where
they're saying, no, come on,
assemble together with us.
We can change things around.
We can all be similarly intoxicated and
confused.
We can incapacitate judgment with wine.
So we have chosen to be habitually
inebriated,
constantly consuming alcohol and sundry
liquors to the point of an incapacitated
judgment through these fermented
libations.
God is saying that their rhetoric is
intoxicating.
that they dull the senses.
The reason that driving while drunk is a
crime is because it dulls your reflexes
and forestalls judgment.
So you don't have the judgment to know
that you shouldn't speed,
that you shouldn't run the red light,
that you should be careful of where you're
going.
Because if you're not,
you might kill somebody
He's using that same thought as a metaphor
here.
Then they're saying, according to God,
this is his projection into their mindset,
therefore it will be and he will exist
like this day tomorrow.
If the days to come are opposed,
if they're delayed anyway,
at least to a significant extent,
for thousands of remnants.
that's the crime.
It's one thing to intoxicate people so
they miss the way,
so they don't exercise good judgment,
which he is accusing them of doing.
It's another thing to say that, well,
we can change the way,
that if we claim that
this day will be like tomorrow,
and that there are days to come that
can be opposed, they can be delayed,
and to a significant extent,
and as a result,
thousands of remnants will miss the
opportunity to capitalize on what God is
offering.
Yet there are thousands of remnants.
God is saying that's the potential
victimization of this cult.
You know,
they went about using the advertising
money that I had provided to solicit
Israelis.
And she has a group of them that
she is deceiving.
And God knows it.
And he is none too pleased.
then the right and vindicated will vanish.
As she precludes the Israelites from
taking advantage of the Shabuwah harvest,
because she's made false claims regarding
it,
false claims regarding the Zarowa leading
it, saying that there is no Zarowa,
saying there is no Choter,
saying there is no Nakar,
saying the dough didn't fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
so there really can't be,
as God described it, a Shabuwah harvest,
changing everything around such that
thousands of remnants will miss the way.
But it's then at that time that those
who are right and vindicated will vanish.
disappearing,
such that those who remain will not know
where they have gone.
No one will give it any thought or
meaningfully ponder the implications.
Loyal and devoted individuals, however,
who are steadfast, will be harvested.
They're going to be gathered together and
taken away during the asaph,
this in-gathering.
No one makes the connection to comprehend
why.
For indeed,
away from the presence of this evil
shepherding,
this disastrous calamity caused by
troublesome former compatriots and
miserable companions who are wickedly
wrong, those who are correct, upright,
and innocent will be gathered in the
harvest.
They will be removed and received.
Yashayah, Isaiah, fifty seven one.
Are you ready for the ride of a
lifetime?
They will arrive reconciled and restored.
Intact and healthy, satisfied and content,
blessed and prosperous in favorable
circumstances and saved.
they will be spiritually restored and
comfortably settled within his restful
environs,
moving about and walking around while
conducting their lives in a manner which
is right, honest, fitting, and proper.
Isaiah fifty-seven two.
But as for all of you,
Those of you who are still present,
wanting to approach at this time,
you are the children of false pretenses
under the spell of an anon,
a demonic woman, a sorceress.
deliberately conjuring a false spirit to
obscure reality and to blow smoke.
You are the seed of a Na'aph,
an adulterous man, one who is unfaithful,
disloyal, and unreliable,
as well as religious.
That would be the anon's enabler.
We know him as D Crud.
the anon, sorceress, we'll call her DP.
And Zanah, the despised whore,
the loathed woman prostituting her
despicable nature by pandering to her
partners for favors and bribes.
Isaiah, fifty-seven, three.
So what God is saying is that covenant
family are right about him.
going to disappear during this in
gathering going to be harvested the
world's not going to know where we've gone
and god is telling us quite frankly that
when we arrive in Shamaym we're going to
be really satisfied with the results we're
going to find peace and tranquility there
Shalowm it's going to be a really good
outcome for those who are right about god
those who have been Chazaq right up to
the very last moment.
But he says,
there is going to be a group that
is deliberately left behind.
And he says,
of those of you who are still present,
but wanting to approach Qorach written,
in the imperative mood saying that this is
what they crave to be part of this
harvest, but they're not,
they're left behind at this time.
That would mean they have to be someone
who is not Christian, who is not Muslim,
who is not a practitioner of Judaism,
who knows that this is a harvest
of the covenant family on Shabuwah and
expected to be part of it,
wanted to be part of it,
but was excluded from it.
The list of that group of people is
limited to this caustic click of the
mother goddesses.
You see,
Christianity is expecting their rapture to
occur on Trumpets Taruwah.
They've already claimed Shabuwah for the
birth of their church fulfilled long,
long ago.
There isn't a single Christian who is
going to be, wow, boy,
we missed the rapture.
We were expecting to be part of it
on Shabuwah.
Not one.
They've been beguiled by Paul to believe
that their harvest is the rapture of
trumpets on, which is to rule.
These aren't Christians.
They aren't practitioners of Judaism
either.
Why?
Because there isn't a single harvest of
souls in Judaism.
In Judaism,
there is no interest in an afterlife,
in going to heaven,
in what they would call the final
resurrection.
They have no interest.
They don't talk about... In Judaism...
the penalty of Sheowl or the reward of
Shamaym.
Neither exist in Judaism.
There is no harvest in Judaism.
So this cannot be practices of Judaism.
Can't be your run of a mill nincompoops,
conspiratorialists.
It can't be Muslims.
There are no harvests in Islam.
There's not a possibility that anyone can
be the focus of this condemnation,
which is rugged,
apart from the Mother Goddess cult.
That's it.
They're the only ones who know of it,
who are expecting to be part of it,
who claimed it for themselves,
and who are going to be left behind
during it.
And of the ringleader of this cult,
Yah was calling her an anon,
a demonic woman, a sorceress.
That's the leader of your flock,
if you're part of that group.
He goes on to say, she's a whore,
pretending love for all manner of
gratuity.
But she did not operate alone, no.
Mm-mm, well,
God's gonna go on to condemn her in
every possible way.
He wants you to know and me to
know and us to realize that her entire
community and ability to attack Yada
Yada and Yada and those contribution
during Chag Matsah in Yada's name
is all possible because of a Na'aph,
an adulterous man that was unfaithful,
disloyal, and unreliable.
D Crud, who built her websites.
It's the most specific,
condescending statement in the whole of
the Towrah prophets.
And where it leads,
it is even worse in that the group
is dispatched to Sheowl.
They did this to themselves.
You expected to be part of the harvest
because you tried to commandeer it.
You actually wrote that Shabuwah was your
harvest
And then you said that those who would
listen to Yahowah's nakar would all die.
This is your doing.
That psychotic woman who has misled you,
according to God, she is demonic.
She is a non.
She is a despised whore.
It is from this vantage point
one which reveals the timing of these
events as we approach the Shabuwah harvest,
the identity of the hero, the Nakar,
the villain, the Anan,
and the basis of their argument,
which is over Shabuwah.
Yahowah is continuing to
critique this adversarial contingent of
what he views as demonic
conspiratorialists.
Anag ridicule as the opening verb in this
segment of the rebuke was scribed in the
Hithpael Imperfect plural to reveal that
the demonic woman's rebellious and
condescending brood
would continue to mock and slander,
doing so on their own initiative.
Listen, on what basis have you,
without any actual guidance or
provocation,
independently and continually become so
effeminate and overly sensitive,
self-entitled,
Individuals delighting and ridiculing and
mocking.
Anag,
have you all apart from others uniquely
become so swayed by a woman and feminine
individual, becoming yourself effeminate,
losing any sign of masculinity.
You don't have a backbone anymore.
You're not capable of reasoning.
You're just awash with emotions.
overtly prone to ridicule,
enjoying being slanderous without any
prior inducement.
You're exploiting another while taking
pleasure in acting like overly emotional,
needy, and gossipy women.
Hopelessly relishing derision.
You're pliable without substance.
Hit pile.
imperfect, second person, plural.
Against what?
Against whom do you open your mouth and
boast,
sticking out your fangs and your prolonged
tongue lashings?
Are you not the children born of revolting
rebellion who rose up in clear defiance of
the authority and relationship by holding
a grudge and remaining stubbornly
indignant?
Pesha, in the discordant
deflection and false interpretations
contrary to God, lost in religion,
offensive, incensed and criminally wanton,
rebelling against the agreement.
You're the seed, the offspring,
the result of a Shakur,
a vain and useless liar who is a
betrayer,
a deceptive and vain fraud promoting
a sham of false pretenses and injurious
testimony of one who swears deceitfully
and thereby disappoints by way of self
delusion.
Yashayah Isaiah, fifty-seven, four.
So besides the condemnation from God.
How'd you like the verse, Miss D?
Hm?
How does that suit you?
It's pretty straightforward, isn't it?
God's saying of those who craved being
part of the Shabuwah harvest but were left
behind, who knew about it,
expect to be included,
condemn those who were included,
that you're led by a demonic woman,
an unfaithful man,
and that this woman is a whore.
And he says,
so on what basis have you without any
actual guidance or provocation,
you were not provoked into this.
You were not guided into this.
You did this on your own initiative.
You have no one to blame but yourselves
and that's true.
independently and continually become so
effeminate so sensitive oh well with me
I’m a victim self-entitled individuals
delighting and ridiculing and mocking that
is what you are own it god knows
exactly what you're doing against what
Whom do you open your mouth and bow,
sticking out your tongue?
Are you not the children born of revolting
rebellion?
Those who rose up in clear defiance of
the authorized relationship,
holding a grudge,
remaining stubbornly indignant,
even when you're proven wrong?
You're the seed of a Sheqer.
a vain and useless liar,
a betrayer who is deceptive and fraudulent
because she's promoting a sham.
Doesn't get much rougher than that, folks.
And the audience here is exceedingly
finite.
God's particularly upset.
when people who are given access to the
truth,
twist it and use it against what he's
trying to achieve.
And that's what you've done.
Addressing the demonic whores malcontents,
Yahowah explains that they will,
be acting, now are acting,
on their own initiative.
Remember,
this prophecy was conveyed two thousand
seven hundred years ago.
That's how long Yahowah has held his breath
regarding them.
He has told us,
recognizing that when we came here to
validate that the Shabuwah harvest would
cause souls to literally disappear,
that we're part of his covenant family,
that we're right about God,
This is where he placed this rebuke,
knowing that we would find it at this
time and be able to share it with
you.
God is indeed very patient, is he not?
So he's explaining that they're acting on
their own initiative,
not on his instructions.
God further insists that there will be no
basis whatsoever for their provocations,
and there have not been.
They made it all up.
First it was Dee's claim that she was
victimized and that she was defrauded when
she defrauded my wife and I out of
twenty thousand dollars and our trust when
we were better to her than anyone in
her entire life.
And then she said that she was gonna
go off and do her own thing when
she had conceived this plot and put all
the pieces in place,
playing the people around us to their
detriment for a year prior to the event.
And the first thing she does is she
gets to my beloved publicist.
She's ruined.
The webmaster who I had respected.
so that she could launch her own little
bevy of con men and con women,
all ringing in emotion,
all doing everything they could to
destroy,
childish in their behavior and their
response, all been planned.
And the unreliable one,
the unfaithful one,
who sided with her,
he wrote letter after letter saying, oh,
that they had to leave because I hadn't
recognized the value of spirit mom.
And that they had,
and they were going to be the voice
of spirit mom to save many by way
of spirit mom.
And the proof of spirit mom was in
the eighth proverb.
Now,
the fact of the matter is that was
an outright lie.
No one in all of human history
had made a bigger deal about the Ruwach
being feminine and of the influence of
Yahowah's role in this regard to our
salvation.
I was so over the top in trying
to project this that I had to go
off and do a mama-ectomy to remove it.
In other words,
their basis for going off on their own
was not only a lie,
it was the opposite of what was true.
And then they claim that they found spirit
mom in the eighth Mashal.
Guess what?
In the eighth proverb,
there are that many references to M,
which is mother.
There are this many references to Ruwach,
which is spirit.
There is no mention of a mother or
a spirit or a mother goddess anywhere in
the psalm it was written or the proverb
it was written by Dowd to exclaim the
virtues of being intelligent.
Chokmah.
the very thing they lack.
And then they would write letter after
letter trying to disparage me, yada yada,
and then change God's name.
And every time they made a move,
it was proven that they were untrue,
and yet they doubled down.
They were unprovoked.
They did this to themselves.
And they're relentless in their
foolishness.
Yeah, well, it lays down the gauntlet,
prophetically proclaiming that the
mean-spirited provocateurs would assuage
their hurt feelings through mocking,
slander, and ridicule,
thereby committing the ad homonym fallacy
ad infinitum.
Without a valid justification or actual
guidance or provocation,
they will become a clique of gossipy
women, pathetically pursuing derision.
They will define themselves by their
exploitation and exportation.
This will be their method.
Hashtag Craig Winn.
Hashtag Yada Yahowah.
Spew nonsense.
That's all they've done.
I thought they were insignificant,
not even the value of naval lent.
Yahowah disagrees.
This is his longest,
most specific and most condemning
assessment of any group of people anywhere
to be found in the prophets.
So I'm sharing it with you because he
shared it with us.
I am never going to veer from what
God wants to convey,
and this is what he has chosen to
convey.
He laid this all out in the open,
airing the dirty laundry,
two thousand seven hundred years ago,
and it's now our job to pin the
tail on the ass, on the demonic woman,
on her accomplice, the unfaithful one,
the disloyal one.
Serving a whore.
Serving a woman that Yahowah calls Sheqer,
vain and useless, a liar and betrayer,
a deceptive fraud promoting a sham.
Having told all who were willing to listen
in the fifty-sixth chapter of YasHayah that
he would be a reveal,
that God said that he would reveal and
enable his Tsadaqah, his correct nakar,
observant foreigner at this time,
Yahowah reveals that the boasts and the
tongue lashings of the Zanahs are
exceptionally ill-advised,
but
At the same time,
we learn that they are incapable of
listening or learning.
They deny God's condemnation every time he
shares one,
as we found in Numbers twelve and Genesis
two and three and second Samuel six.
Every time they're called out,
an example is made of them that is
specific and prophetic of them.
Oh, no, no, no,
it doesn't apply to us.
No, no, no, it doesn't apply to us.
I'm telling you what, this one,
I don't care how you try to twist
it.
Now, the others were quite specific.
They accused this Zanah, this whores,
this Anan, this sorceress,
using the very specific crimes that she
has committed.
God was specific.
There's really no denying it if you're
informed and rational.
This time,
it is so far beyond any rational person's
ability to deny.
If you are part of that group,
you're in deep trouble.
God is disgusted by you.
He says,
your wagging of your tongues and your
sticking out of your fangs is completely
and totally unacceptable.
You're unacceptable.
Therefore,
rather than children of the covenant,
children of the Nakar,
Yahowah announces that they are Yeled
Pesha, born of rebellion.
And indeed they are.
And he's right.
They removed themselves from the covenant,
from Yahowah, from his Nakar,
for no other reason than Pesha, defiance,
indignance, and discord.
When their claims to have found a mother
God and to be speaking for her are
completely and irrefutably repudiated,
as I have done over and over again,
presenting them verbally in these programs
and in writing on social media,
posting them.
Rather than return to the fold,
they demonstrated that they are hopelessly
Sheqer, vain, liars, repugnant, betrayers,
deceptive, deceivers,
knowingly promoting their scam.
Unable to defend their claims, they hid.
They blocked all access to their clique,
proving that they weren't actually serving
anyone other than themselves.
Then unable to attract an audience,
they stooped to misappropriating my name
and the name of these books of Yada
Yahowah.
And so Yahowah reports that they are
delusional, they're injurious,
they're operating under false pretenses,
and he is protecting the tree of
knowledge.
This is Yahowah's primary concern.
He has chosen and he has enabled his
nakar, his observant foreigner,
acting as his choter, his branch.
to reach out and awaken his people from
their stupor before his return,
and this disrespectful and pretentious
clique seeks to destroy his credibility,
thereby negating our father's intent.
According to God, the Anan, demonic woman,
who is Zanah, despised as a whore,
in concert with her Naphal, unreliable man,
are covetous and greedy,
craving that which is not theirs to take.
Just like Chawah.
Just like Miriam.
Just like Micah.
They are in defiance of the Almighty as
a result of a senseless grudge.
And so,
like so many Israelites throughout the
ages,
they are embittered and they are
indignant.
The fact that these wretched souls
continuously solicit followers by
hash-tagging my name,
God-given titles and website devoted to
our collaboration,
as well as the Yada Yahowah series,
twenty-four years of work translating
Yahowah's testimony,
is because of their intense acrimony.
They have been whipped into a cantankerous
frenzy.
And as bad as that sounds,
God has even more to say about those
trying to topple the tree of knowledge.
It's the story, is it not,
of Numbers fifteen.
And disavowing the ram and the bull.
Making it personal.
And you.
Are you not those who burn with rage
and who are so intensely and acrimoniously
riled up and boiling over against the ,
the prominent tree and the leading ram,
the doorway and the prolific source of
leadership?
With Ayil, God got a both,
the ram and the tree,
the doorway and the one leading the
return.
and an orderly arrangement of the
spreading out of the entirety of the
flourishing and profusely productive tree.
That's just in case you didn't recognize
that El is prominent tree and ram.
God says in particular now,
you're going against the spreading out,
this profusely productive tree of his.
The tree of knowledge.
The children.
Thereby taking the lives of those who
would otherwise be born.
With an inheritance.
All from the Sheqer.
The branch.
And ha-Sela.
The rocky crag.
Yashayah Isaiah, fifty seven five.
We're two hours in.
I normally only go an hour,
but there was so much to share and
we are just beginning.
We aren't even one third of the way
through God's condemnation of this evil
woman and her consorts that we will
continue this tomorrow and probably the
day after.
There's a lot to share.
There's a lot for you to know.
And in the end,
we will assess all of the reasons that
God decided to issue the single most
condemning assessment of any individual
for us to read at this time and
why he is specific of this one group
and why he is sending them
I appreciate you listening.
This has been tough testimony to deliver,
but we are never going to run from
the words of our God.
Good day.